the staff showed up today then the issue wrap
back of the future released the special French '
More than special collector has nothing
first time
explaining why I'm saying this in that
your name is the details here
from the newsroom is a box a little bigger
that a normal hindrance
show you guys here silly
I discovered there
But there's nothing to notice here.
that with the cabala grandson is of the last category, right?
now if I understand why it is the universe reach light in germany in
England
and apart from that state
then finished last category
we can also but deep down the soul
one of the bridesmaids broke transport
is a miniature that is not one of the flus of any of the brands that the
people know
and I'm playing with the boot leaves with a guri takebe then well in that range
that at that time
She does not know your hello and viable back I did not decide to be prejudiced.
how not to make a miniature of a wake
with a brilliant
How is it inside?
I love you
especially in the
What do we have here
if the box with a cargo jet
did not see anything in the last years
justus first 15
Let's just see
French is not
d however of the same print edition finish
there is that place
I suspect that it will soon
has more relief
the effect
three-dimensional technical and how the team really needs
UK
same thing
same discs including
with this disk that I'm not sure
same thing the art behind
also
it's just like it
with the booklet obviously the French
in English, right?
see what they have avoided here, it is clear that it is not
French French
of the 36 in the hand of the faithful
so I'm dumb there that is different
the ultimate back-to-back
the glove that is different from the inside
neophyte of the mouth also closely the quality and presentation
in the English edition
and now it comes
the damn
a future audit
that despite
although in it
and a crucial piece
World victims with the break with odds
look that
to break anything
and here's casey acts
Why do I say it's so hard around here?
I had a lot of boyfriends here.
It's good for us
it costs
doctor boaventura sorte
but it's pretty heavy
and here was breaking the break between sport
the protocol that harmonized with the law that also approved the case that piece that
fell 8 of cet river bird
wrong lessons yes
our broken right time right here
Nicole like this
try to paste and left the collection at least exposed there
very badly done badly painted
this break has left in its universality hatred
dictating France spoke about the forces of order
in the uk in germany was canceled the universal qashqai '
I did not approve the quality there.
in my class
if you take some detail everything
net in assis two pins here transparent for total pressure
flying on change
I do not know, but I liked it.
What's the name of the scholarship in the world and back to show you here today?
so it's okay
of loulé with the French brought the profuturo wrap
broken
hit with your package
Okay, thanks
fight the whole chile
to the next